Rakefile
TODO
bin/ver
config/keymap/vim.rb
config/rc.rb
config/scratch
config/syntax/ANTLR.json
config/syntax/ASP VB.net.json
config/syntax/ASP.json
config/syntax/ActionScript.json
config/syntax/Ada.json
config/syntax/Apache.json
config/syntax/AppleScript.json
config/syntax/Bibtex.json
config/syntax/Blog (HTML).json
config/syntax/Blog (Markdown).json
config/syntax/Blog (Text).json
config/syntax/Blog (Textile).json
config/syntax/Bulletin Board.json
config/syntax/C++.json
config/syntax/C.json
config/syntax/CSS.json
config/syntax/DOT.json
config/syntax/Diff.json
config/syntax/Dylan.json
config/syntax/Eiffel.json
config/syntax/Erlang.json
config/syntax/F-Script.json
config/syntax/FXScript.json
config/syntax/Gri.json
config/syntax/HTML (Mason).json
config/syntax/HTML (Rails).json
config/syntax/HTML (Tcl).json
config/syntax/HTML for ASP.net.json
config/syntax/HTML-ASP.json
config/syntax/HTML.json
config/syntax/Haskell.json
config/syntax/Inform.json
config/syntax/Ini.json
config/syntax/Io.json
config/syntax/Java.json
config/syntax/JavaProperties.json
config/syntax/JavaScript.json
config/syntax/LaTeX Beamer.json
config/syntax/LaTeX Log.json
config/syntax/LaTeX.json
config/syntax/Lighttpd.json
config/syntax/Lisp.json
config/syntax/Literate Haskell.json
config/syntax/Logtalk.json
config/syntax/Lua.json
config/syntax/M.json
config/syntax/MEL.json
config/syntax/MIPS.json
config/syntax/Mail.json
config/syntax/Makefile.json
config/syntax/Markdown.json
config/syntax/Modula-3.json
config/syntax/Movable Type.json
config/syntax/OCaml.json
config/syntax/Objective-C++.json
config/syntax/OpenGL.json
config/syntax/PHP.json
config/syntax/Pascal.json
config/syntax/Perl.json
config/syntax/Plain text.json
config/syntax/Processing.json
config/syntax/Quake3 Config.json
config/syntax/R.json
config/syntax/Rez.json
config/syntax/Ruby on Rails.json
config/syntax/Ruby.json
config/syntax/SQL (Rails).json
config/syntax/SQL.json
config/syntax/SWIG.json
config/syntax/Scheme.json
config/syntax/Shell-Unix-Generic.json
config/syntax/Slate.json
config/syntax/Smarty.json
config/syntax/Standard ML.json
config/syntax/Subversion commit message.json
config/syntax/Tcl.json
config/syntax/TeX Math.json
config/syntax/TeX.json
config/syntax/Textile.json
config/syntax/Twiki.json
config/syntax/Vectorscript.json
config/syntax/XML strict.json
config/syntax/XML.json
config/syntax/XSL.json
config/syntax/YAML.json
config/syntax/iCalendar.json
config/syntax/reStructuredText.json
config/theme/Active4D.json
config/theme/All Hallow's Eve.json
config/theme/Amy.json
config/theme/BBEdit.json
config/theme/Bespin.json
config/theme/Blackboard.json
config/theme/BoysAndGirls01.json
config/theme/Brilliance Black.json
config/theme/Brilliance Dull.json
config/theme/Classic Modified.json
config/theme/Cobalt.json
config/theme/Cool Glow.json
config/theme/Dawn.json
config/theme/Eiffel.json
config/theme/Espresso Libre.json
config/theme/Fluidvision.json
config/theme/IDLE.json
config/theme/LAZY.json
config/theme/Mac Classic.json
config/theme/MagicWB (Amiga).json
config/theme/Merbivore Soft.json
config/theme/Merbivore.json
config/theme/Monokai.json
config/theme/Notepad2.json
config/theme/Pastels on Dark.json
config/theme/RubyBlue.json
config/theme/Sin City 2.json
config/theme/Slate.json
config/theme/Slush & Poppies.json
config/theme/SpaceCadet.json
config/theme/Sunburst.json
config/theme/Twilight BG FG.json
config/theme/Twilight.json
config/theme/Whys Poignant.json
config/theme/Zenburnesque.json
config/theme/barf.json
config/theme/fake.json
config/theme/happydeluxe.json
config/theme/iLife 05.json
config/theme/iPlastic.json
config/theme/mintBlue Dark.json
config/theme/mintBlue.json
config/theme/monoindustrial.json
config/theme/starlight.json
config/tutorial
config/welcome
help/index.verh
lib/ver.rb
lib/ver/entry.rb
lib/ver/keymap.rb
lib/ver/layout.rb
lib/ver/methods.rb
lib/ver/methods/completion.rb
lib/ver/methods/control.rb
lib/ver/methods/insert.rb
lib/ver/methods/move.rb
lib/ver/methods/search.rb
lib/ver/methods/select.rb
lib/ver/methods/views.rb
lib/ver/mode.rb
lib/ver/options.rb
lib/ver/plist.rb
lib/ver/status.rb
lib/ver/syntax.rb
lib/ver/syntax_list.rb
lib/ver/text.rb
lib/ver/textpow.rb
lib/ver/theme.rb
lib/ver/vendor/fuzzy_file_finder.rb
lib/ver/view.rb
lib/ver/view/buffer_list_view.rb
lib/ver/view/entry.rb
lib/ver/view/fuzzy_file_finder_view.rb
lib/ver/view/list_view.rb
lib/ver/view/syntax_list_view.rb
lib/ver/view/theme_list_view.rb
spec/keymap.rb
tasks/bacon.rake
tasks/changelog.rake
tasks/gem.rake
tasks/gem_installer.rake
tasks/grancher.rake
tasks/install_dependencies.rake
tasks/manifest.rake
tasks/plist2json.rake
tasks/rcov.rake
tasks/release.rake
tasks/reversion.rake
tasks/syntax_list.rake
ver.gemspec
